# Week 17 Status Report

A good week for progress. Firstly, I solved the problem with kmeans. I realised that kmeans should not be used as a visualisation on its own but instead in conjunction with already plotted data points. Therefore I have used kmeans to do cluster analysis and find clusters in the spring model  and t-SNE visualisations, which it has done so well. Naturally the optimal number of clusters changes as the size of data changes however initial results found that 2, 3 or 4 is the optimal value of k, depending on the size of the dataset used. My next step is to ttempt to find clusters in the high dimensional data before reduction algorithms have been applied to create a base to compare my results with.

I also increased the number of iterations in the spring model algorithms and now give the user the option to specify the number of iterations they would like when running the algorithm. I found the optimal number of iterations when using the small dataset to be 50 and 400 when using the large dataset. Anything higher than these values does not change the output significantly.

I found some outliers in terms of users so I removed these to create more accurate kmeans clusters. I have given the user a lot more freedom in terms of what they can do from command line (as well as improved error handling) so as well as specifying the number of iterations, they can also specify the size of the dataset used, the clusters to be calculated, the type of graph (if UMAP is used), the metric used (standardised euclidean is now possible again after I fixed a bug) and whether they would like to visualise just the final output graph or multiple graphs each shown after a specified number of iterations (for example, every 200 iterations up to 1000) - a new feature also. 

I have also created a function to save visualisations as they are created in appropriate folders with appropriate naming conventions so they can be easily accessed and only have to be run once. As well as this I have recorded runtimes for each algorithm with different parameters (still to do memory) and found the optimal parameters for both t-SNE and UMAP (again these change with different sized datasets).
