# Meeting Minutes

* Visualisation of Mobile App Usage (ID:8714)
* Matthew James O'Hare
* 2255357o
* Professor Matthew Chalmers

Minutes from meetings held with supervisor.

## Meeting 1 - 25th September 2019, 13:30-14:00

* Present - Matthew James O'Hare, Professor Matthew Chalmers, Dr Alistair Morrison

We discussed the background of the project, where the data to be used originated and how it came to be. Matthew said I should receive this data soon, once it has been anonymised, and in the mean time said he would email me readings to help with research. The programming lanaguage to be used was brought up by Matthew and I stated that I would be using Python as I am familiar with it and explained I will be doing research into libraries such as Matplotlib and this was agreed with by Matthew. We then discussed the vision of the project and some general ideas - although there are many forms the project could take and was decided this vision will be more specifc in the coming weeks when more research is carried out and data is evaluated.  

We finished by speaking about setting up regular meetings which was agreed as every Thursday 13:30-14:00.  


## Meeting 2 - 3rd October 2019, 14:00-14:30

* Present - Matthew James O'Hare, Professor Matthew Chalmers, Dr Alistair Morrison

The meeting was moved to 14:00 as requested by Matthew and it was decided that this would be the new weekly meeting time. I started off by asking some quesions of Matthew:  
  * Preferred method of communication: email (keep the curreny thread of conversation to make it easier for both parties). It was also decided that Alistair would be cc'd in the email to keep him up to date also
  * Weekly status reports: email to Matthew the night before each meeting (Wednesday night)
  * Repo access: Matthew and Alistair both said they would not mind having repo access.  

As no status report was provided this week, I explained the work that I had done over the past week. We then moved on to discussing some papers where Matthew suggested I read the papers that were cited in the ones he provided. Alistair also suggested that I read the papers in order of years.
We then moved on to the topic of AWARE where Alistair explained this to me in the context of app tracking. Matthew then suggested that I download Iain Cattermole's code and try to run it and understand what is happening.

Matthew stated that there should be three main alogirthms I should be looking at: spring models, t-SNE and UMAP. I said I would do some reading on these. A general consensus was that we are still shaping the project in terms of which path to go down as many suggestions were brought up (spring models, machine learning, recommender system, potentially using description/reviews from app store dataset to cluster them) so it was decided that more reading would be done in order to develop a clear plan.


